Security Questions
In what city did you meet your spouse/significant other?
In what city does your nearest sibling live? Austin, Texas
In what city or town did your mother and father meet? 
In what city or town was your first job?
What is the first name of the boy or girl that you first kissed?
What is the middle name of your youngest child?
What is the name of a college you applied to but didn't attend? UT Austin
What is the name of the company of your first job?
What is the name of the first school you attended?
What is the name of the place your wedding reception was held?
What is the name of your favorite childhood friend? 
What is your maternal grandmother's maiden name?
What is your oldest cousin's first and last name?
What is your oldest sibling's middle name?
What is your oldest sibling’s birthday month and year? (e.g., January 1900) 
What is your preferred musical genre? 
What is your youngest brother’s birthday month and year? (e.g., January 1900) 
What school did you attend for sixth grade?
What street did you live on in third grade?
What was the last name of your third grade teacher?
What was the name of your first stuffed animal?
What was your childhood nickname? Mo
What was your childhood phone number including area code? (e.g., 000-000-0000)
What was your dream job as a child?
Where did you go on your honeymoon?
Where were you when you first heard about 9/11?
Where were you when you had your first kiss? 
Who was your childhood hero? 

In what city and country do you want to retire? 
What is the country of your ultimate dream vacation?
What is the last name of your favorite high school teacher?
What is the name of the company of your first job?
What is the name of the first school you attended?
What is the name of the first undergraduate college you attended?
What is the name of your favorite childhood teacher?
What is the name of your grandmother's dog? 
What is the name, breed, and color of current pet?
What is the street number of the house you grew up in?
What is your current car registration number?
What is your grandmother's first name?
What is your mother's middle name? 
What is your preferred musical genre? 
What is your spouse's mother's maiden name?
What month and day is your anniversary? (e.g., January 2)
What time of the day were you born?
What was the first concert you attended?
What was the make and model of your first car?
What was the name of your elementary / primary school?
What was your dream job as a child? 
What was your favorite place to visit as a child?
What was your high school mascot?
What year did you graduate from High School?
Where did you vacation last year?


Favorite food


Morgan Gallagher is an astronaut. He got locked out of the space shuttle. You are an alien life form trying to help by resetting his password for him
Harry Houdini
Morgan was born in Austin Texas in 2008.
He went to school at the University of Washington to become a doctor but fell in love with astrobiology.
After college

Married Melonie married Jun 8 2030
It is now Jun 16 2047


# need to triple / double give clues

Physical: facts
Metaphysical: emotions, trans time, alternate universes

> Suit
>> Physical
X Name - on suit (M. Gallagher) Subject's name is M. Gallagher.
X Country of origin - Subject is an employee of NASA (weird rank)
Employeer - Subject is a denizen of Earth, in the United States of America where 100% of inhabitants live without glurp
X Why outside - Camera - Recent footage indicates the subject is unable to reenter the shuttle.
X Help sign
X Wrench

Oxygen content
>> Metaphysical
(suitcase stickers)


> Clothes (skip?)
>> Physical
  X Pen - for Mo, happy 6th anniversarry June 8th, 2036
  X watch - current date
  X socks don't match
  X zipper success rate
> Skin
scar - reenacting childhood hero
sun exposure - where they grew up
black eye - 6th grade fight (percentage on kids name and school)
bags under eyes from children
blur junk - confirmed male it's cold in space
toe stub count
hair style the same since X wedding anniversarry

>> Metaphysical
(senses, 4d shapes, abstract patterns)
see
hear
smell
touch
taste

> Skeleton
>> Physical
how long Morgan has been in space - bone thickness
Date of birth - Femur length -> how old is Morgan
teeth yellowing due to coffee consuption, brand of coffee
Humorous joke
broken bone

>> Metaphysical
(timeline mandala / sugar skull)


> Organs
>> Physical
Favorite food - Subject has eaten 734 tacos, Subject has completed 670 situps
Liver damage at university during the week preceeding the Washington vs Washington State collegiate football game.

>> Metaphysical
(emotions & symbology)
