Morgan Gallagher is an astronaut. He got locked out of the space shuttle. You are an alien life form trying to help by resetting his password for him
Harry Houdini
Morgan was born in Austin Texas in 2008.
He went to school at the University of Washington to become a doctor but fell in love with astrobiology.
After college

Married Melonie married Jun 8 2030
children
It is now Jun 16 2047

> Suit
	X Name - on suit (M. Gallagher) Subject's name is M. Gallagher.
	X Country of origin - Subject is an employee of NASA (weird rank)
	Employeer - Subject is a denizen of Earth, in the United States of America where 100% of inhabitants live without glurp
	X Why outside - Camera - Recent footage indicates the subject is unable to reenter the shuttle.
	X Help sign
	X Wrench
	X Oxygen content

> Clothes (skip?)
	X Pen - for Mo, happy 6th anniversarry June 8th, 2036
	X watch - current date
	X socks don't match
	X zipper success rate

> Skin
	scar - reenacting childhood hero
	> sun exposure - where they grew up (reenacting childhood hero)
	X black eye - 6th grade fight (percentage on kids name and school)
	bags under eyes from children (%college, %work, %children)
	blur junk - confirmed male it's cold in space
	(>) toe stub count
	~ hair style the same since X wedding anniversarry

	X> hours of imaginative play did not translate to appreciative knowledge of medicine

	> vitals
	ears - music genre

> Skeleton
	X how long Morgan has been in space - 372 days, bone thickness
	X Date of birth - Femur length -> how old is Morgan
	teeth yellowing due to coffee consuption, brand of coffee
	X Humorous joke
	broken bone

> Organs
	X Favorite food - stomach Subject has eaten 734 tacos, Subject has completed 670 situps
	X Liver damage at university during the week preceeding the Washington vs Washington State collegiate football game.
		and coinciding with 21st birthday
	X Small intestine - Illness on honeymoon
	X Large intestine

	eye
	eye
	tongue
	X lungs - Carbon dioxide levels
	X heart - peak bpm achieved when Sarah Marie Gallagher (did something)
	X brain - The names of 347 pokemon, 45 episodes of Riverdale, 34% of the process for long division.

Questions
Who was your childhood hero? 
Where did you go on your honeymoon? Alaskan cruise
X Wedding anniversarry June 2030
X DOB 2008-09-26 ( Jun 16 2047) 38 + 8 + 10
What was the name of your first stuffed animal? Joe
What school did you attend for sixth grade? West Ridge Middle School
Favorite TV show as a teenager? Riverdale
What was your dream job as a child? Doctor
In what city did you meet your spouse/significant other? Seattle
What is your oldest sibling's middle name? Marie
favorite musical genre
